No time to lose!
What is your presentation about again?
Belgium.
Belgium?!
Just leave it to Mymy....
Haha, wow!
That was...
...very racist.
Belgians aren't a race!
Let us consult a more reliable source.
According to this book....
...Belgium was, in the Burgundian era...
...well known for its beautiful paintings.
Ours were prettier.
In the Habsburgian era they engaged in lots of trading.
We traded more.
And in the colonial era...
[swears in Afrikaans]
Yeah, okay, they can have that one.
What if I write a piece about the paintings...
...then Maya can do the trade...
...and Mymy....
...the animations between the slides.
But animaaation taaakes so loooooong-
All clear, Maya?
Uh... yes?
Great. You can do it!
Yeah...
...yeah I can do it!
Half an hour of working together isn't that ba-
Hey Maya, where do you sit during break?
Maya sits with her friends.
Isn't that right, Maya?
Yes.
Oh.
So who are your friends?
Mymy...
And, why does your bed creak at ni-
You know what?!
I can't concentrate here after all, I'm off!
No no no Maya, don't go-
No! I'd rather sit through another year!
Then why are you standing up?
But Maya, we really want to work together with you!
Why?!
Yeah, why?
Because that would be fun?
And because we're family...
...and because I don't want you to feel lonely...
...because...
...because I know you don't have any friends.
Rather no friends than no parents.
I'm not hearing hear any apologies, Maya!
I-I'm sorry!
On the bright side...
...the animation is done.
TO BE CONCLUDED
THIS PART WAS MADE POSSIBLE BY
more ongezellig?
petje.af/ongezellig